Dawn Abriel: It is March 11 2020 and this will be an intake.
Dawn Abriel: history and physical for Ariel Elizabeth mirrorball
Dawn Abriel: Birthday 530 1989 it
Dawn Abriel: Will probably be a 60 minute session.
Dawn Abriel: Hi I'm Dr brielle you're Ariel.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, man.
Dawn Abriel: Nice to meet you. You've had a long day. Haven't you
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh my goodness. It's been a rough
Dawn Abriel: A lot of questions. DUKE. And I've got to ask you a bunch more. So
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Charger on my phone here.
Dawn Abriel: So that would be a good idea.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I've been. I was on the phone with her for almost god like hadn't been two hours now. My phone is dying. I've got to get it plugged in here.
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Come up here and paint with me. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Come on me.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So,
Dawn Abriel: I was looking at your
Dawn Abriel: Prescription Monitoring Program that shows the medicines, people have been on
Absolutely.
Dawn Abriel: It says here that you are currently taking 24 milligrams of up Murphy.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I'm at three Suboxone strips. A day right now, but I don't have any more medic I run out on Monday. And when I went in to see my provider today I was discharged because of having to reschedule appointments
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When I'm on the phone.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She's impossible just impossible.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The spider.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh my god.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not anymore.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sorry fighter now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So, um,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They didn't fill my prescription today when I which they just said I was non compliant with my going in and I just got evicted from my house. I had to move yesterday, so I couldn't go to my appointment yesterday.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I rescheduled for today, not knowing that when I went in there. I was just going to be discharged and I asked her, am I going to get some kind of a temporary prescription so that I'm not in withdrawal and she said no.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So they didn't even send you with anything. And I've been out since Monday.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Please have to finish this. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I killed this fighter.
Dawn Abriel: So I will try to do this as quickly as possible. Unfortunately, usually I look at all the information that people give the care coordinator, and then I don't have to ask those questions. So I might have to ask repeat questions.
Dawn Abriel: But just bear. Bear with the process.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so your last dose was last Monday.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It was this past Monday.
Dawn Abriel: Just the day before yesterday right and
Dawn Abriel: You, you take all three strips all at once in the morning.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm not all at once. I take
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I try to, I try to make. I like split them apart. So I'll take two in the morning and then I'll wait almost a full day until I start feeling a little weird. And then I'll take the last one in the afternoon. Sometime I close to the evening time
Dawn Abriel: Okay. ARIEL I gotta tell you, that is not the way this medicine was designed it is not the way you can't get an appropriate blood level, you can't get it just, it was designed to last 24 to 36 hours so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, I was just scared because I've only been on the treatment for a short time. So I was just scared to take the, I mean, I should be doing that. It's just doing the three in the morning.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, because you it's really confusing to your body. And if you're doing it that way. My guess is that you don't need the full 24 my gift.
Dawn Abriel: That you
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Probably need a 24 but I've just been trying to like when I first went in there. I told me that I was going to try to cut myself down and like, hey, I could start there and then maybe over a couple weeks. I can go down to like one and two. She said, Don't do that. That's
Dawn Abriel: Your. No, no.
Dawn Abriel: No, no bad
Galaxy J3 Orbit: About and then that leads to relapse. Don't do that. That's right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: That's right. So in this program, what we will do is get you stable get you
Dawn Abriel: Know functioning the program and then probably like the end of April, May be first of May will start very, very slowly tapering you down.
Dawn Abriel: Very slowly small amounts
Dawn Abriel: Because you're at a lot of medicine. That's a lot of drug to be taking
Dawn Abriel: I've taken to consideration that one milligram of buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: Equals 20 milligrams of morphine.
Dawn Abriel: Oh wow, you're taking a huge amount
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and you have to because
Dawn Abriel: The other short acting opioids that you took you developed a tolerance, right, you needed more and more and more.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right.
Dawn Abriel: To get the same effect or to prevent withdrawal.
Right, so
Dawn Abriel: Were you ever an IV drug user
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, never.
Dawn Abriel: And how old were you when you first started using opioids.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I would say
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And it started with prescription
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever had an overdose or medical problems or legal issues because of the opioid use
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No legal issues or anything like that, but I have had
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I've had an I've had an overdose or pretty close to one. I didn't have to go the hospital or anything, but I was really sick.
Dawn Abriel: And it was accidental.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Accidentally accidentally acid.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started using any illicit drug even marijuana
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I would say 21 2020 years old 20 years old.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And has your drug use resulted in problems with relationship or holding down a job.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Which name right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Look for him for
Dawn Abriel: Now, and what number program is this for you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: This is the very well courageous transformations. The place that's trance referred me to you guys. They are actually
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They're actually the very first ones you guys would be my second
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Program as far as referring me to you guys.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Remember your neighbor friend. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So, boy, we were told a completely different story. We were told that they had maxed out their number of clientele that they can order buprenorphine for and that's why they
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Were answering
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, they told me that I was not compliant with coming to my appointments, because I live so far away. I did have to reschedule a few appointments, but that's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's what they told me I was not compliant and that they needed to refer me out to another clinic and there was a the lady named Ashley. She was a support worker in the room. She was also sitting in the room with us. She's the one that called you guys
Dawn Abriel: Well, I'm glad she called
Dawn Abriel: Me. So do you have sleeping anxiety issues also
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I would say, maybe a little bit of anxiety. I've never been diagnosed with that, but I don't have sleep issues really
Dawn Abriel: That's good.
Dawn Abriel: And have you ever been hospitalized for a psychiatric problem for mental health problems.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Probably through the roof.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So its economic
Dawn Abriel: Housing
Dawn Abriel: What else
Dawn Abriel: No, social, what would the stresses of
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, like, Gosh, we've done, like you said, the move the victor recent eviction just a couple days ago.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Trying to figure out where we're. I mean, trying to look for a house trying to figure out where we're going to move. And now today upon finding out that I was discharged is trying to find a new doctor so I am not in suffer.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And also counseling and boost. So I guess.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: All the things
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and how about you self esteem. How would you rate yet.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I would say about a seven. If it's from one to 10 I would say about a
Dawn Abriel: Good. Alright, so let's do the medical issues.
Dawn Abriel: And I have to ask you a really long list of questions. So, stop me if any of them apply to you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: First of all, do you know what your blood type is
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I do not, it's not a rare one. I don't know.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had any head trauma any I ear, nose and throat problems.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had any respiratory any asthma chronic bronchitis chronic pneumonias
Dawn Abriel: No, no, joint muscle for bone problems. The viral disease, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases are tested positive for
Dawn Abriel: Tuberculosis no new skin problems, no new most epilepsy seizures severe headaches stroke bipolar disorder, depression,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: hallucinations, delusions.
Dawn Abriel: Depression thoughts.
Dawn Abriel: But, leading to suicidal thoughts or suicidal attempts
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, most recently, I have had
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Attempts
Dawn Abriel: And does that include
Dawn Abriel: A plan.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't think like a, I would say yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't know where the neighbors. I am traveling for
Dawn Abriel: What what's
Dawn Abriel: What's the plan.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Overdose
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And that was, I would say up about three months ago, but since then.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I and then I I quit drinking. I'VE BEEN SOBER 13 days now.
Dawn Abriel: Congratulations.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Thank you, it's actually, it's a record for me for the past year. I'm very proud of myself and I'm
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm happy to keep going and striving to do that and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So I want to stay in treatment to make sure I started to do better. You know, and I'm pretty proud of myself.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you should be good.
Dawn Abriel: So that you don't have any guns in your home or immediately available to you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know, man.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't know what you're looking for. I'm trying to find it for you.
Dawn Abriel: And do you already have.
Dawn Abriel: A network of
Dawn Abriel: People, you could call if you are having suicidal thoughts.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, ma'am.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: This is where I don't come out. So I'm sitting back. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Back to
Dawn Abriel: Any liver problems and gallbladder disease heartburn.
Dawn Abriel: hemery hemorrhoids hepatitis.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Ulcers is no
Dawn Abriel: No kidney bladder.
Dawn Abriel: Diseases no seasonal allergies or sinus infections, no dentures.
Dawn Abriel: Know you weren't born with a heart defect or have a murmur, high blood pressure, blood clots know
Dawn Abriel: Okey doke.
Dawn Abriel: Any other
Dawn Abriel: legal fight for a problem.
Dawn Abriel: That I haven't asked you about
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I know
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And have you had any surgeries.
I know
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Before
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have had a
Dawn Abriel: Okay, C section.
Dawn Abriel: Me just one
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just one right
Dawn Abriel: But you have your gallbladder in your appendix.
Dawn Abriel: And all those other spare parts.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, I do. I am when I whenever I had my C section one of my ovaries was also removed.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And is your mother alive and in good health.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Father.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My father is deceased. He had a heart problem, and he was an
Dawn Abriel: Age where they did he die.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: 50 years old.
Dawn Abriel: Whoo to younger
Dawn Abriel: Absolutely. And do you have siblings.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I do
Dawn Abriel: For sister alive been in good health.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: two sisters and alive and in good health. Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: What does he look like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Courses here.
Dawn Abriel: And no brothers.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have two brothers also in good health.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Related i don't think about dollars here. That's our that's our dog.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Was he in hair today or was he at home because I don't think that toys. Here it's, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Any
Dawn Abriel: Anyone else in your family had problems with addiction.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Dope.
Dawn Abriel: Right along
Galaxy J3 Orbit: See here, is he, and he'll
Dawn Abriel: Tell me the role
Dawn Abriel: Tobacco plays in your life.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I actually had quit smoking for about six years and I just picked up the smoking, about a year and a half ago and I probably more now than I ever have.
Dawn Abriel: Well, the good news is it's much easier to quit when you're on.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Suboxone. Oh really.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, really helps.
Dawn Abriel: And and we do a lot
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Of work but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I can't find him. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm so sorry ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I gotta tell you get
Dawn Abriel: This is going to work if if this is what being in group has to be like
Dawn Abriel: Because it's you can't do therapy with the child.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In a rough. I know. And I've tried not to when I was speaking with me on the phone. I asked her if I could reschedule the appointment for tomorrow. But she was insistent on I do this today.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I told her that I had my child here with me now. SCREAMING
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But, but my boyfriend at home now. So I'm going to step outside
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We shouldn't have any more.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Okay, so you can set up for when you do group and your individual therapy. You can arrange for your child to be attended to, while you're so your attention isn't diverted right
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Okay, good. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So I was telling you that while you're on Suboxone it's easier to quit smoking and and we will support you. We really, you know, it's such a dangerous chemical. It's much more dangerous than the opioids are if it weren't for overdoses.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Hello. How old were you when you first started smoking.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I think I've like when I first started, I wasn't really smoking. I think it was just to try to be cool. I would say when I really started smoking was probably like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: 19 or 20 I would say I was probably full blown smoking better than
Dawn Abriel: Probably like cake.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I mean, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And when did you first start drinking alcohol.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm around the same age, actually, probably even 18 years old. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you've been sober 13 days. And are you on any medicine. Are you on any buybacks or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Dawn Abriel: Leave a trawler No. Okay. No.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I did it by myself. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you want support.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, you know what, I think that I'm doing pretty well. And my biggest support right now is my, my boyfriend and my daughter and I think I'm doing pretty good with that so
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Think it's okay.
Dawn Abriel: Plus, you'll
Dawn Abriel: You'll get the counseling and that'll help also
Dawn Abriel: Absolutely. Do you eat healthy meals.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, yeah, I try to help. So, we will have salad. Every night with whatever we eat for dinner, you try to be home.
Dawn Abriel: And regular exercise besides chasing around your child.
Dawn Abriel: Is a lot of exercise.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I know I'm not as much as I should. Actually, no.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you take an aspirin every day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a household smoke detector.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: In the place where you are and you don't keep firearms in the home. Do you wear your seatbelt.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. No. Okay, who
Dawn Abriel: Is sexually active right now and you were born female and you identify as female
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Okey doke. Have you ever used benzodiazepines recreationally
Dawn Abriel: Danny. DANNY bars Valium and being
Know,
Dawn Abriel: About methamphetamine.
Dawn Abriel: And cocaine.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Once I think my whole life long time ago. I think I was probably like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: once, only once.
Dawn Abriel: And marijuana
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, that is occasional I would say like two to three times a month.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: When did you first start
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That was a lot older, I would say probably like 22 or 2323
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and what do you like to do for fun.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I love to go camping and fishing is my favorite things in the room.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Have you ever used create them.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: Any legal issues pending.
Or no
Dawn Abriel: And you live with boyfriend and
Dawn Abriel: Daughter
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My daughter, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Anyone else
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm just us three right now we're in the middle of a move. So we're staying with his mom and dad just the two of them, but will be
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just the three of us.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you were born and raised where
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I was born and raised in Las Cruces, New Mexico, until I was about 12 and then I moved up to Rio Rancho
Dawn Abriel: Okay, tell me about your caffeine intake.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Caffeine is actually right now. It's pretty bad. I drink energy drinks. And I know that's awful. I drink them almost daily
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I need to stop drinking lungs.
Dawn Abriel: So about how many a day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: One to two a day.
Dawn Abriel: With coffee and
Dawn Abriel: Tea and other things are just mostly those the energy drink.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No coffee. When I do coffee. I won't do an energy drink but tea is actually something I drink a lot of with energy drinks during the day.
Dawn Abriel: So, like, how many glasses of tea.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I like to
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you have the one daughter.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, just one how
Dawn Abriel: Old, is she
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She's for
Dawn Abriel: How far did you go in school.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I graduated high school, I didn't start college. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And have you worked
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Doing what
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Insurance producer with United Healthcare
Uh huh.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I love
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I love that.
Dawn Abriel: All right, I think we can move on.
Dawn Abriel: The therapist will be with you and ask you, many more questions more about your social history than, than I do. I just get kind of a, an overview. How old were you when you first started having periods.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I think I was 13 years old.
Dawn Abriel: Any abnormal Pap smears or cervical biopsies any irregular periods.
Dawn Abriel: No good. And you've been pregnant. How many times
Just once
Dawn Abriel: Once in one full term one alive and running around.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Gotta love that age. My daughter was four and five. That was my favorite.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, she's so curious about everything in the world. It's it is
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And now I'm going to read a really long list, but I don't. First, let me start with see patient is
Dawn Abriel: In some withdrawal experiencing hot and cold flashes runny nose, what was going on.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm like cold sweats, things like that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I'm cold sweats runny nose for sure and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just the sleepless sometimes it's not really usually hard for me to go to sleep. But of course, when the withdrawals are there. It's definitely I'm tossing and turning, rolling around in bed. I'm not really sleeping so yeah okay
Dawn Abriel: So, so don't mention those because I've written those in. So these are chronic things
Dawn Abriel: Night sweats, fever, chills, cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating live red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change in vision difficulty hearing, hearing loss. Your drainage ringing in your ears.
Dawn Abriel: Bloody nose chronic congestion. So lips are mouse or tongue lumps in your neck stiffness or pain.
Dawn Abriel: Difficulty breathing cough or shortness of breath, chest pain, irregular heartbeat, not being able to breathe lying down swelling in your ankles or varicose veins, diarrhea, constipation, do you have constipation from the opioid use
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Dawn Abriel: That's wonderful. How are
You
Dawn Abriel: By Monday number time
Pain.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, no, no. Rectal thing. Sometimes I think I, I feel like I go to the bathroom, a little bit less, but I don't ever feel like I'm necessarily stopped up. Yeah.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Um,
Dawn Abriel: blood in your urine painful urination pain a lot pain to little change in here nail or skin.
Dawn Abriel: Texture
Dawn Abriel: New most on the team.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: About three months ago I did have blood in my pee. And I think that when I went to see the I went to an urgent care clinic. She said, I had the coagulated blood in my, in my urine, but she thought it was perhaps from the drinking
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Maybe something else. She gave me some stuff like a hole in my esophagus. She said it was a possibility from the drinking. So that could have been possibly what it was, as well. But I quit drinking. I don't know if it's gotten better. I don't feel like that now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't see
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp headaches vertigo lightheaded this thinking numbness, tingling, weakness, tremors, lack of coordination weakness difficulty speaking changing mood, depression, you said depression.
Dawn Abriel: Sadness interfering with function and you said anxiety and sleep disturbance separate so no suicidal ideation. Currently, is that right
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, that's right. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No helplessness, you're not seeing or hearing things that other people aren't and you'd have no easy bruising.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And you're not taking any medicines over the counter, except the Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: Correct. And I can't remember from your, your you taking the generic buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: I think that's what I said.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: On your
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it says buprenorphine on it and then sublingual I'm pretty sure. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And it's the eight slash to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it takes about 40 minutes to get through the whole
Dawn Abriel: Thing we're almost done. No.
Dawn Abriel: This is meant for people who has
Dawn Abriel: Dementia, so
Dawn Abriel: I just run through it really quick you bathe yourself and go from one place to another and you feed yourself and
Dawn Abriel: Put yourself you
Dawn Abriel: Know where you are who you are. You make your own decisions. You can focus your attention, your memory is appropriate to your age, and you can read
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right. Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you know how to get your pulse.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I do not touch. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'll show you. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We have
Dawn Abriel: A muscle that goes from the jaw line down to your sternum right in front of that muscle, you have to press, but not too hard. If you press too hard. You actually block off the vessel. So it's right in front of that muscle.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh, I feel
Dawn Abriel: Feel it. Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting. Hold on a second.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
One.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: More
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and how tall are you,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I am five two.
Dawn Abriel: That's a good height.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My dad was tall.
Dawn Abriel: And what's your current weight.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I assume you're five to as well.
Exactly.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My weight right now. I would say I think it's 108 now.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had a blood pressure taken recently.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh yes to courageous transformations. They did my blood pressure there.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, great. Do you remember what it was.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't remember exactly what it was, but it's always been good. I know.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You did a TV test all that stuff.
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I used to work at a methadone clinic. And I remember we used to do that. Okay, now
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to do. We're going to do a little physical exam. So you're going to get real close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see into your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay, pull back let go.
Dawn Abriel: Make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Left up down
Dawn Abriel: Okay, read that it either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: Open your mouth really wide.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Stick your tongue out at me. Move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Lovely bite. Close your mouth by down no job pain.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, move the camera down to your belly area. Let me see you push on your upper right upper left lower right lower left no lumps or bumps or pain anywhere in your belly.
Dawn Abriel: No good and move the camera down to your feet and let me see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh, I gotta take my boots off.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, here's my
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Ankles so I'm sorry. No, you don't.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's great.
Dawn Abriel: You got to put your shoes back on.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I had the long boots on. So,
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You've got help
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Little puppy.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Dog.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You just comes over and put his hat his paws on my leg.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah yeah
Dawn Abriel: I'm here.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, pet me, please.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, you see.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, um,
Dawn Abriel: Can you. Is there a place to prop your camera up or I can see you pull against your fingers.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, can you see here.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Okay, and no pain or problems when you do that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And how many characters. Do you have
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have 1278 I have eight
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and all of them were professionally done
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Absolute no complications. Not at all.
Dawn Abriel: Great.
Dawn Abriel: So let's talk about the program.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: What you're signing up with bright heart health is for one hour of group time
Galaxy J3 Orbit: On her email for me to be able to submit the information to bright heart but when she actually got me on the phone with somebody, I had to she took me to the app store on my phone told me to download the zoom and that's how I got it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good. So again, I'm going to send you this email right away. It'll have the zoom room.
Dawn Abriel: Number for the virtual clinic because the virtual clinic is your go to place you have any problems.
Dawn Abriel: You can't get ahold of one of your or you need to ask me a question you have problem with the pharmacy. You go to the virtual clinic first
Dawn Abriel: They have multiple ways of getting a hold of me so they they get ahold of me and I will, you know, attend to it as soon as I don't have a patient so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right, okay.
Um,
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so we did labs. He prescribed drug urine test Narcan group Thursdays at 11 base and bam. Alright.
Dawn Abriel: I will order your medicine right now.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: We'll see you tomorrow.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I will see you tomorrow.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Thank you and your doctor every oh
Dawn Abriel: That's right, yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Your name is spelled almost just like mine just without that be
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just without that rainbow. Can you spell my name. Yeah, that's nice to meet you, Dr. Gabrielle, I will see you tomorrow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, thank you. Have a good evening.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You as well. Thank you very
Much
Dawn Abriel: The chart should be ready for you to fill in the bubbles. I think that's all that's really required
Dawn Abriel: Thank you.